it was good YouTube JB here and this
will be my third man 13 Ultimate Team
video and right now we're just real
quickly looking at my lineup and some
standouts or and you look at quarterback
Walter painted running back and on
defense we have Patrick Willis at middle
linebacker but all these cards are
players I got from my reward packs or
from my keeper collections from Matt
well vaulting team like that Andrew Luck
so right now we're going to our first
solo challenge it is for the Vince
Lombardi challenge for completing this
you get a thousand coins and I've edited
out the game place you can only see the
main stuff yeah a thousand coins any
unlock Vince Lombardi which you can
actually collect and using connected
careers but the very first thing you
notice is first you're gonna think oh
it's a hat it seems kinda like a hassle
to do all these challenges but you're
gonna notice for alphabet that these
challenges are way too easy and it's
just kind of a time-consuming type thing
but they're kind of fun but they're
really way too easy and so it's just an
easy way to earn a thousand coins and
that free card and what I do recommend
guys is here as walking paid and just
running all over that defense but I do
recommend is to finish their self go in
and do the solo challenges first
especially this one because you get some
coins it's pretty easy and you get some
coins in your belt in comparison to when
you play a head-to-head I don't think
you earned that many coins so this is a
pretty much of 3,000 points yet so
pretty much by half time I was killing
so I don't want to run up the score so
we're just gonna jump straight to the
end and show you how this works how you
get your prize and right here screens
and pop up and it's gonna say that I got
a thousand coins and then it's gonna say
I got one card and then something will
pop up in the top right hand corner will
be a trophy and so I guess I just means
that I finished this my first solo
challenge or something like that but
right after you leave well I definitely
put that game you're my you're going to
something's on pop up in a sense that
you have so you've got a new card it's
gonna be here's the prize Vince Lombardi
and this is the annoying little thing
right here I want to send them to the
pending collection and for some reason
when you get a new card you can't send
them straight from your new card section
to your pending collection so I have to
send them to the active cards first so
hope he fixes this or looks at it
because it is just a little kind of an
incense so if you guys noticed this or
we have dealt with that let me know in
the comment section what you guys think
about that but here we go into the after
car active cards and now I'm sending him
to the pending collection and from there
we're just going to collect them and
what most people don't realize is you
actually get some coins for collecting
him too so not only do you collect him
and get him back for you to make some
coins out of it plus you got that
thousand coins for completing that
challenge and so yeah guys I've gone on
the madden ultimate team web app that
brand new web app it's pretty cool but
there's not really much you can do on it
if you guys have gone on having gone on
there i think the link is EA sports car
madden ultimate team and i thought you
would be able to buy packs and search
auctions off there but maybe they'll add
that in later but if you guys i've
checked it out let me know what you guys
think about that also hey guys i hope
you guys really enjoyed this video and i
hope you guys like comment subscribe and
my next video i'm gonna be doing some
more work packs say guys as always take
care he's